docs: metrics (#616)
skip-mev/slinky: docs/metrics/application-reference.mdx

---
description: Reference for the available metrics in the Application
title: Application
icon: link
---

## Exposed Metrics

> By default, Cosmos SDK application expose metrics on port `26660`. These metrics are in the Prometheus format and can be scraped by any monitoring system that supports Prometheus format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Exposed Metrics

By default, Cosmos SDK applications expose metrics on port `26660`. These metrics are in the Prometheus format and can be scraped by any monitoring system that supports Prometheus format.
```

Reviewer: would link to prometheus docs here

Author: done [link to prom docs](https://github.com/skip-mev/slinky/pull/616/commits/ebb188b77e4ef2bbbe88b7c1892b7322ba2523cc)

## Oracle Client Connection Metrics

- **oracle_response_latency:** Histogram that measures the time in nanoseconds between request/response of from the Application to Oracle.
- **oracle_responses:** Counter that measures the number of oracle responses.

> ## ABCI Metrics

Reviewer: nit: header paragraph spacing

Author: fixed [spacing](https://github.com/skip-mev/slinky/pull/616/commits/25c442a529d20c190d113fc9e2c569210e7888c2)
